## What is a "Tagger"?

In addition to creating cryptographic tokens that both contain
and represent hashtag strings, the Hashtag Protocol provides a
facility for linking them to any online digital artifact,
effectively "tagging" that content with the hashtag. This is
facilitated by “linking smart contracts” implemented by
Publishers within their dApps and applications and executed by
users or other applications within a Publisher application.

Linking smart contracts utilize the many-to-many design
pattern found in traditional relational database management
systems (RDBMS). With the many-to-many relationship, one
Hashtag Token can be used to tag unlimited content items
and/or one content item can be tagged with unlimited Hashtag
Tokens.

Presently, only linking to other ERC-721 NFTs is supported,
however The Protocol is designed to be extended and the
roadmap includes tagging contracts for other digital content
types.

Tagging content (implementing the tagging smart contract)
comes with a fee made up of the standard Ethereum transaction
gas fee and a Tagging Fee added by the Protocol. The Tagging
Fee component is small and identical for all tags. Fees
generated by a successful tagging event are automatically
distributed among the Owner, the Publisher and the Protocol at
proportions defined within the Protocol.
